{"Skill": "HTML5 + CSS3", "Level": "Beginner", "Description": "I have a solid foundation in HTML5 and CSS3, understanding their role in building the structure and visual presentation of web interfaces. While my primary focus lies in backend development, this knowledge allows me to bridge the gap between frontend and backend elements effectively. I can create simple forms, apply basic styling, and I'm eager to expand my frontend capabilities to complement my server-side expertise.", "Image": "html-css.png"}
{"Skill": "Python", "Level": "Intermediate", "Description": "I have a solid foundation in Python, demonstrated by my diverse project experience. I've built web applications using Django, along with command-line tools for automation and problem-solving (like a Sudoku solver utilizing backtracking). In my app for folder sync a focused more on testing. I'm comfortable with core Python concepts, including object-oriented programming, and am continuously expanding my skills by exploring libraries like Streamlit.", "Image": "python.png"}
{"Skill": "Postman", "Level": "Beginner", "Description": "I have a strong working knowledge of Postman. I proficiently craft various HTTP requests, manage headers, parameters, and environments, and dissect API responses with ease. My test automation skills include assertions, chaining requests, pre-request and test scripts for data manipulation and setup, and utilizing variables for dynamic test cases. I'm comfortable with Postman's collections and workspaces for structured testing", "Image": "postman.jpg"}
{"Skill": "Selenium Webdriver", "Level": "Beginner", "Description": "I possess a working knowledge of Selenium WebDriver with Python, enabling me to automate web browser interactions for testing purposes. I can confidently locate web elements using various techniques (ID, XPath, CSS selectors, etc.), perform common user actions, and implement basic waits for a smoother testing experience. My goal is to build upon this foundation and create more complex, maintainable test suites using Python's testing libraries.", "Image": "selenium.png"}
{"Skill": "Docker", "Level": "Beginner", "Description": "I have a solid understanding of Docker concepts gained through a comprehensive course and hands-on examples. I can confidently build custom images, manage data using volumes and bind mounts, set up basic container networking, and use Docker Compose for multi-container applications. I'm eager to apply my Docker knowledge in practical projects and continue exploring its advanced features for deployment and scaling.", "Image": "docker.png"}
{"Skill": "Git", "Level": "Beginner", "Description": "I have a solid foundation in Git for personal version control and project management. I confidently use core commands (add, commit, push, pull) to track code changes, understand basic branching strategies, and maintain a well-organized code history. While I've primarily used Git for individual projects, I'm eager to explore its collaborative features and apply my skills in future team-based development environments.", "Image": "git.png"}
{"Skill": "PowerAutomate", "Level": "Intermediate", "Description": "I have a strong grasp of Power Automate, allowing me to build multi-step automation flows that incorporate conditional logic, variables, and interactions with common connectors SharePoint, Email etc.. I've implemented basic error handling mechanisms and I'm passionate about exploring more advanced integrations, including custom APIs, to streamline complex workflows.", "Image": "MPP_1.png"}
{"Skill": "PowerApps", "Level": "Intermediate", "Description": "I have a solid foundation in Power Apps and have built several applications for various use cases. I understand how to design user-friendly interfaces, connect to different data sources (e.g., SharePoint, Excel), and incorporate essential functionalities to create solutions. While my primary focus has shifted towards Python programming, I appreciate the insights gained from PowerApps.", "Image": "MPP_2.png"}
